Invalidate outdated traffic annotations: define attempts to live (#5767)
mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased
#### Features

> - :warning: Expired data is cleaned up in current route leg if it can't be updated via route refresh. Congestion annotations become "unknown". Numeric congestion annotations become null. Expired incidents disappear. [#5767](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/5767)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :warning: Expired data in the current primary route is cleaned up if 3 consecutive refresh attempts fail. Congestion annotations become "unknown". Numeric congestion annotations become `null`. Expired incidents disappear. [#5767](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/5767)
```
We refresh current and upcoming legs, don't we?

- Exposed `NavigationRoute#origin` that describes the type of router that generated the particular route. [#5766](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/5766)
- Added `RestStop#name` field which contains a name of the service/rest area, when available. [#5768](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/5768)
- Introduced persistent cache for assets downloaded by `MapboxJunctionApi`, `MapboxSignboardApi` and `MapboxRouteShieldApi` to decrease the bandwidth consumption. [#5750](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/5750)

> - Congestion annotations are removed from current leg upon expiration [#1557](https://github.com/mapbox/navigation-sdks/issues/1557)  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :warning: Congestion annotations are now removed from current leg upon expiration. [#1557](https://github.com/mapbox/navigation-sdks/issues/1557)  
```
